Documentation update (#87)
microsoft/winget-cli-restsource: Tools/PowershellModule/doc/new-private-repository-azure.md

> # Windows Package Manager REST source

Reviewer: Name of the file needs to be updated.

> # Create a rest source Windows Package Manager repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Create a Windows Package Manager rest source
```

Reviewer: REST

> This section provides guidance on how to create a REST source repository that can be connected to using the Windows Package Manager for ISVs or Publishers who may have additional privacy requirements for their software distribution.

Reviewer: rest source repository?

> This section provides guidance on how to create a rest source repository that can be connected to using the Windows Package Manager for ISVs or Publishers who may have additional privacy requirements for their software distribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section provides guidance on how to create a REST source repository that can be connected to using the Windows Package Manager for ISVs or Publishers who may have additional privacy requirements for their software distribution.
```

Reviewer: As discussed offline, entire block needs editing

Reviewer: This block doesn't appear to have been revised.

> Windows Package Manager offers a comprehensive package manager solution including a command line tool and set of services for installing applications that currently supports the following formats: MSIX, MSI, and EXE. For more general package submition information, see [submit packages to Windows Package Manager](../package/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows Package Manager offers a comprehensive package manager solution including a command line tool and a set of services for installing applications. For more general package submission information, see [submit packages to Windows Package Manager](../package/index.md).
```

> There are two ways available for managing rest source repositories with Windows Package Manager:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways available for managing REST source repositories with Windows Package Manager:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options available for managing a Windows Package Manager REST source:
```

> - [Manage Windows Package Manager rest source with PowerShell](#manage-windows-package-manager-rest-source-with-powershell)

Reviewer: REST

> - [Manage Windows Package Manager rest source manually](#manage-windows-package-manager-rest-source-manually)

Reviewer: REST

## Manage Windows Package Manager rest source with PowerShell

> To simplify the management and interaction with the Windows Package Manager rest source, the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module has been made available. This PowerShell module provides cmdlets that enable you to Add, Remove and Get application manifests from your Windows Package Manager rest source, as well as stand up a new Windows Package Manager rest source in Azure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To simplify the management and interaction with the Windows Package Manager rest source, the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module has been made available. This PowerShell module provides cmdlets that enable you to Add, Remove and Get application manifests from your Windows Package Manager rest source, as well as stand up a new Windows Package Manager REST source in Azure.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module simplifies the management and deployment of the Windows Package Manager REST source. This PowerShell module provides cmdlets that enable you to Add, Remove and Get application manifests from your Windows Package Manager rest source, as well as stand up a new Windows Package Manager REST source in Azure.
```

> The following steps are required for managing a rest source repository with PowerShell:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following steps are required for managing a REST source repository with PowerShell:
```

1. Download and install the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell Module.

> 2. Automate the creation of a Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Automate the creation of a Windows Package Manager REST source.
```

> 3. Publishing Application Manifests to the Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Publishing Application Manifests to the Windows Package Manager REST source.
```

> 4. Retrieve published Application Manifests from the Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Retrieve published Application Manifests from the Windows Package Manager REST source.
```

> 5. Remove published Applications Manifests from the Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Remove published Applications Manifests from the Windows Package Manager REST source.
```

### Download and install the PowerShell module

> The following steps must be performed before the PowerShell cmdlets are available for use with the Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following steps must be performed before the PowerShell cmdlets are available for use with the Windows Package Manager REST source.
```

1. Open an Edge Browser.
2. Navigate to [https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource/releases](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource/releases).
3. Download the latest release of the Microsoft.WinGet.Source PowerShell module.
4. Open a File Explorer window, and navigate to where you downloaded the Microsoft.WinGet.Source PowerShell module.
5. Right-click on the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module, and select **Extract all** from the drop-down menu.
6. In the new window, select the **Extract** button.

> 7. After the extraction has completed, navigate to `.\Microsoft.WinGet.Source\src`.

Reviewer: Path is no longer accurate

8. In combination, press [Ctrl]+[Shift]+Right-click on the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source.psd1` file. Select **Copy Path** from the drop-down menu.
9. Open an **Administrative PowerShell** window.
10. Run the following command from the Administrative PowerShell window:

    ```Powershell
    PS C:\> Import-Module [Paste the path to the Microsoft.WinGet.Source.psd1 file]
    ```

> ### Automate the creation of a Windows Package Manager rest source

Reviewer: REST

> The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [New-WinGetSource](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetSource.md) cmdlet to simplify the creation of a Windows Package Manager rest source. This PowerShell cmdlet will initiate a connection to Azure if not currently connected. Validating that the connection is established with a specific Subscription (if specified). Generate the ARM Parameter files with specified values, then create Azure resources with the generated ARM Parameter files and the provided ARM Template files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [New-WinGetSource](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetSource.md) cmdlet to simplify the creation of a Windows Package Manager REST source. This PowerShell cmdlet will initiate a connection to Azure if not currently connected. Validating that the connection is established with a specific Subscription (if specified). Generate the ARM Parameter files with specified values, then create Azure resources with the generated ARM Parameter files and the provided ARM Template files.
```

The `New-WinGetSource` PowerShell cmdlet makes use of the following input parameters. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help New-WinGetSource -Full` or visit the [New-WinGetSource PowerShell Article](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetSource.md) in Docs.

| Required | Parameter                  | Description                                                                                                                         |
|----------|----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Yes      | Name                       | A string of letters which will be prefixed to your newly created Azure resources.                                                   |
| Yes      | ResourceGroup              | The Resource Group that will be used to contain the Azure resources.                                                                |

> | No       | SubscriptionName           | The name of the Azure Subscription that will be used to pay for the Azure resources.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| No       | SubscriptionName           | The name of the Azure subscription that will be used to pay for the Azure resources.                                                |
```

| No       | Region                     | The Azure location where the Azure resources will be created. (Default: westus)                                                     |
| No       | ParameterOutput            | The folder location where the ARM parameter files will be created.                                                                  |

> | No       | RestSourcePath             | Path to the compiled Rest API Zip file. (Default: .\RestAPI\CompiledFunctions.ps1)                                                  |

Reviewer: As mentioned before this arguement name isnt great. Suggest we are more specific like "RestSourceAzureFunctionsPath"

| No       | ImplementationPerformance  | specifies the performance of the resources to be created for the Windows Package Manager rest source. ["Demo", "Basic", "Enhanced"] |

> | No       | ShowConnectionInstructions | If specified, the instructions for connecting to the Windows Package Manager rest source. (Default: False)                          |

Reviewer: Description is fragmented.  Needs to clarify that this means the command will show/output the instructions.

> The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To do this:

Reviewer: Add a note about adding to powershell profile to automatically reimport, if the user choses?

> The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To do this:

Reviewer: Seems to be missing instructions after "To do this" in reference to reimport?

Author: The wording at the end was updated to reflect this wasn't a guidance to import. That was covered on line 40

1. From an Administrative PowerShell window run the following:

    ```PowerShell
    PS C:\> New-WinGetSource -Name "contoso" -ResourceGroup "WinGetRestSource" -Region "westus" -ImplementationPerformance "Demo" -ShowConnectionInstructions
    ```

> 2. After the above command has completed (~15 minutes), copy and run the connection information provided for your newly created Windows Package Manager rest source to add to your winget client.

Reviewer: Remove time estimate as it is variable.

> 2. After the above command has completed (~15 minutes), copy and run the connection information provided for your newly created Windows Package Manager rest source to add to your winget client.

Reviewer: REST

### Add manifests to the rest source

> The Windows Package Manager rest source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. After the creation of your Windows Package Manager rest source has completed, you'll need to add Application Manifests for your users to install from. Using the `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module, the [Add-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Add-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet will add new Application Manifests to your Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer: REST

Reviewer: x3

The `Add-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting a specific `*.json` file, or a folder containing `*.yaml` files for a single application manifest. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the command: `Get-Help Add-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Add-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\New-WinGetManifest.md).

The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To add an Application Manifest open the Administrative PowerShell Window and run the following:

```PowerShell
PS C:\> Add-WinGetManifest -FunctionName "contoso" -Path "C:\WinGet\Manifests\Windows.PowerToys\1.0.0"
```

> ## Get manifests from the rest source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Get manifests from the REST source
```

> The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Get-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will query for all, or a specific Application Manifest found in a specified Windows Package Manager REST source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Get-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will use ManifestGet against a specified Windows Package Manager REST source to fetch all application or a specific application by Package Identifier.
```

> The Windows Package Manager rest source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Get-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will query for all, or a specific Application Manifest found in a specified Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Get-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will query for all, or a specific Application Manifest found in a specified Windows Package Manager REST source.
```

> The `Get-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting a specific `*.json` file or `*.yaml` files as well as targeting an existing Windows Package Manager rest source. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help Get-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Get-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the `Get-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting 
local `*.json` file or `*.yaml` for development. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help Get-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Get-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\Get-WinGetManifest.md).
```

Author: Changed

The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To get an Application Manifest open the Administrative PowerShell Window and run the following:

```PowerShell
PS C:\> Get-WinGetManifest -FunctionName "contoso" -ManifestIdentifier "Windows.PowerToys"
```

> ## Remove manifests from a rest source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Remove manifests from a REST source
```

The Windows Package Manager rest source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Remove-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will remove a specific Application Manifest from the specified Windows Package Manager rest source.

> The `Remove-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting an existing Windows Package Manager REST source for a specific Manifest Identifier. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help Remove-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Remove-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md).

Reviewer: Package Identifier

> The Windows Package Manager rest source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Remove-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will remove a specific Application Manifest from the specified Windows Package Manager rest source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Windows Package Manager REST source provides a location for hosting your Application Manifests. The `Microsoft.WinGet.Source` PowerShell module provides the [Remove-WinGetManifest](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md) cmdlet that will remove a specific Application Manifest from the specified Windows Package Manager REST source.
```

The PowerShell Module must be re-imported each time the PowerShell window is closed. To remove an Application Manifest open the Administrative PowerShell Window and run the following:

```PowerShell
PS C:\> Remove-WinGetManifest -FunctionName "contoso" -ManifestIdentifier "Windows.PowerToys"
```

> ## Manage Windows Package Manager rest source manually

Reviewer: REST

> The `Remove-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting an existing Windows Package Manager rest source for a specific Manifest Identifier. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help Remove-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Remove-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Remove-WinGetManifest` PowerShell cmdlet supports targeting an existing Windows Package Manager REST source for a specific Manifest Identifier. For more information on how to use this cmdlet, use the `Get-Help Remove-WinGetManifest -Full` or visit the [Remove-WinGetManifest article in the PowerShell docs](.\PowerShell\Remove-WinGetManifest.md).
```

> ## Manage Windows Package Manager rest source manually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Manage Windows Package Manager REST source manually
```

The following instructions assumes the following Azure objects are named as follows:

| Azure Resource          | Value                      |
|-------------------------|----------------------------|
| Azure Resource Group    | WinGet_restsource          |
| Azure Subscription Name | Contoso Azure Subscription |
| Azure Location          | West US                    |
| Azure Key Vault Name    | contoso-keyvault-demo      |

*We assume that the Resource Group and Subscription are pre-existing in your Azure Tenant.*

### Extract the Windows Package Manager Rest Source

The Windows Package Manager REST Source contains the APIs required to provide a Windows Package Manager REST source. To download a local copy of the Windows Package Manager REST Source from GitHub:

> 1. Visit [winget-cli-restsource](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource).

Reviewer: Directions should point to releases, not source code.

Author: That's old.

> The Windows Package Manager Rest Source contains the APIs required to provide a Windows Package Manager rest source. To download a local copy of the Windows Package Manager Rest Source from GitHub:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Windows Package Manager REST Source contains the APIs required to provide a Windows Package Manager REST source. To download a local copy of the Windows Package Manager REST Source from GitHub:
```

2. Select *Code* from within GitHub.
3. Select *Download ZIP* from the drop-down menu.
4. Extract the newly downloaded ZIP file to *C:\Projects\\*

### Application Insights

> Application Insights, a feature of Azure Monitor, is an extensible Application Performance Management (APM) service for developers and DevOps professionals. Azure's Application Insights can be used to monitor the health of the Windows Package Manager rest source, as well as provide powerful analytical insights to help with diagnosing any issues, and identify user experiences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Application Insights, a feature of Azure Monitor, is an extensible Application Performance Management (APM) service for developers and DevOps professionals. Azure's Application Insights can be used to monitor the health of the Windows Package Manager REST source, as well as provide powerful analytical insights to help with diagnosing any issues, and identify user experiences.
```

For more information on Azure Application Insights, visit their Docs article: [What is Application Insights?](/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview)

To install Application Insights:

1. Open your Microsoft Edge browser, and navigate to your Azure Portal: [https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com)
2. In the search bar at the top of the Azure Portal, type *Resource Groups* and select **Resource groups** from the drop down.
3. Select your Resource Group ("*WinGet_restsource*") from the list.
4. At the top of the window, select the **+ Create** button.
5. In the search bar, type in "*Application Insights*".
6. Select **Application Insights** from the search results.
7. Select the **Create** button.
8. In the **Project Details** ensure the following values have been set:

>     - Subscription: "Contoso Azure Subscription"

Reviewer: Users subscription

    - Require secure transfer for REST API operations: Enabled
    - Enable infrastructure encryption: Disabled
    - Enable blob public access: Disabled
    - Enable Storage account key access: Enabled
    - Default to Azure Active Directory authorization in the Azure portal: Disabled
    - Minimum TLS version: Version 1.2

12. Select the **Next : Networking** button.
13. In the **Network connectivity** section, ensure that the following has been set:
    - Connectivity method: Public endpoint (all networks)

14. In the **Network routing** section, ensure that the following has been set:
    - Routing preference: Microsoft network routing

15. Select the **Next : Data protection** button.

16. In the **Recovery** section, ensure that the following has been set:
    - Enable point-in-time restore for containers: Disable
    - Enable soft delete for blobs: Disable
    - Enable soft delete for containers: Disable
    - Enable soft delete for files: Disable

17. Select the **Review and create** button
18. Assuming the Validation has passed, select the **Create** button.
19. After your deployment has completed, continue to the steps in the next section.

### App Service plan

> An Azure App Service plan defines a set of compute resources for a web app to run. These compute resources are analogous to the server farm in conventional web hostings. The Azure Function that will be created to provide the Windows Package Manager rest source will operate within this Azure App Service plan allowing it to scale to the demand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Azure App Service plan defines a set of compute resources for a web app to run. These compute resources are analogous to the server farm in conventional web hostings. The Azure Function that will be created to provide the Windows Package Manager REST source will operate within this Azure App Service plan allowing it to scale to the demand.
```

1. In the **Pricing Tier** section, ensure that the following values have been set:
    - Sku and size: Premium V2 P1v2

> 1. Select the **Review + crerate** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Review + create** button.
```

### Azure Function

An Azure Function is a serverless solution that allows you to write less code, maintain less infrastructure, and save on costs. This Azure Function will provide the interactive functionality of the Windows Package Manager rest source, responding to rest api requests.

> 

Reviewer: REST

        - Value: [Value]
        - Deployment slot setting: Disabled

### Import Windows Package Manager API

1. Open a PowerShell window on your computer.

    ``` PowerShell

>     PS C:\> $ArchiveFunctionZip = "C:\Projects\winget-cli-restsource\src\WinGet.RestSource.Infrastructure\CompiledFunctions.zip"

Reviewer: Not a fan of the name archive functions.

The path and name of the .zip is out of date.
Point to releases, not non-existent paths in source
